the million makes the biggest mistake of his
life pointing there yo Juan and admits
that he had a fling with Aby
controversy with him chocas lashes out
at Irene Montero
after people want to call him
sexist for commenting on a tweet where they
are insulting him and messing with his
physique nordeltus's father has given an
interview in which he talks about the
real situation and the lies that
his son told in these last interviews he
was giving and Bye and grefg have had
a hyper mega controversy in the last few
hours that have gone very viral both
have crossed certain accusations about
their way of paying taxes they have also
leaked the companies that y yo
Juan would have to invoice through them and
the ded denies the controversy over the
infidelities of Juan guarnizo and Ari
Gameplay all done and much more here on
your favorite gossip channel What's up my
kids How are you here we are one
more day to tell you the gossip
entering August oh what you do
let me know in the
comments box from where you are watching me
and if  can you guess where I'm
recording the video from? 50 degrees which is
here 50 degrees what do you think? Well you
know that in this newscast I
quickly tell all the news and
all the gossip that there is around
YouTube Twitch with your streamers
the viral things on the internet and so that you
are well informed In addition, I am
also giving you a video game in each
video So be on the lookout as
I tell you to be the fastest and
take it for yourself you will find a code
at a Random moment that you can redeem
And if it has not arrived on time today, it does not matter,
subscribe by activating the bell
to run in every time
YouTube notifies you of what was said family if
you like this type of content and
want me to continue doing it
Show me by giving me a like
subscribing to the Channel sharing the
video and all that stuff and now I will not
roll you up more Make yourself comfortable And let's
get down to business something similar to
when what happened in Dallas happened after
giving the interview to delox on the channel
without fear of success a week later they went
viral  shorts or tiktok is what I
said something controversial that happens to you
for not being subscribed to my channels
because precisely the interviews of
without fear of success we break them down here
and by the way I will soon tell
you an exclusive soon I will tell you some
exclusive that you will like La
Movida that today
a couple of tips or shorts
about the interview that New York did would have gone viral
in one of them in which he points out How
guilty of the success of illo Juan or as a
large part of it to Massi herself one
of the reasons for Yo Juan's success is
more according to the million a large part of
Yo Juan's success is having a piece of
woman by his side who apart from being beautiful
and intelligent nice funny and all
these qualities would give a Plus to the
Stream by appearing from time to time
there I think the fact that more and this
24/7 with the possibility that it happens in the
background that 99% of
the people on Twitch are in their Stream 98 95 I don't know how many there
are but the number tends there
so it was a  girl who is pretty, she is
fun, she is by your side, she has
cool comments, that is a strong factor in
Yo Juan's success. About what you
just heard, I am
very interested in your opinion and I want you to
tell me what you all think.
Absolutely everyone who is
watching this video has also gone
viral. One of the news that
impacted me the most from this interview has gone well.
Well, what impacted me the most, I already
knew. In fact, there have been many more things that
I wish I could tell you about, and that is the fact
that El Millo had a fling with Aby, at
some point, there has been something with her.
Beyond a friendship, we have
never had anything serious in love. We will use it. We have
had a fling at some point, but
not in the House. It seems that Aby
gets along very well with the youtubers. In
fact, we were commenting that this
could be one of the reasons for the
tension between El Millo and Carches.
Today there have been a couple of
news items that I consider to have been
the strongest and most outstanding, one
is the whole issue that I am going to tell you about
next, about Greg with eBay, the
tax thing, and so on.  that now
we will go into depth and everything that
came out because of that but also the
explosion of chocas and on this occasion I
have to tell you that I am
completely maybe not with the
ways in which it was expressed Thank goodness I do
not enter this platform full of
failed votes and mentally [ __ ]
man But how is it possible that these people
are all day saying deleted things but I do
not remove a comma from everything that
chocas has said on this occasion It turns
out that he was commenting on Twitter when he came
across a certain comment
that was messing with him not only
as a person And as a
content creator but they were making
disqualifications that I am completely
sure that if a guy or
a girl did that it would be classified as machismo
absolutely the girls were
messing with his physique in the sense
that if he was bald fat and that kind of
thing even with his way of dressing and
chocas well I put it I do not care
says This girl I do not care that it is a
recurring joke with the people of their
direct chocas you are bald and you deny
it your jaw goes to
Alicante you are a soft skinny  And on
top of that you're wearing a t-shirt of an American who's
wife left for his
[ __ ] personal trainer and This chick if you
say something to her you're sexist I would have
loved for the choca guy to have entered
the account because I was talking about
that she's probably the typical one who then
has tweets complaining about people
messing with the physique of blah blah blah
blah This chick probably if you start
looking has tweets saying that she's very
bad it's very bad to attack people and that we should
n't attack people for their
physique because we have to take care of our
Mental Health I swear to God This chick 100%
is that type of chick 100% is the typical one who
tries to stop there being bullies and
Mental Health and I don't know what guy and she
just told me that I'm bald that I'm
disgusting what do you say the sweaty guy I
would have loved that the choque guy would have
entered to look for those tweets I wanted to
do it myself but the girl has put the
account on lock If you ever
found something similar to what I
'm telling you, put it down there too
because it surely won't fail And you know
why all this happened  This happened
because I said it to a woman I
swear if I had made that joke
to a guy nothing would have happened 90%
of the jokes I make are to guys because
most of the people here are
guys and many times I make them with women
because there are also women in my
live streams quite a few and you know that I
make them with women and the greatest sign of
equality and what I have been defending
my whole life is precisely treating
women the same as men and
making the same jokes with women as
with men machismo is when you
treat someone in a depressive way
pejoratively or in an offensive way
because of being a woman if I insult
a woman because I am rude or
because I got angry because she herself
said something or even if she hasn't said
anything to me because I am offensive Because I am
rude it doesn't have to be
machismo you are rude you insult or
whatever but above all when
someone insults you you do not have to
treat a woman as if she were
disabled  you have to treat her the same
as everyone else, that's what
equality is about, not about insulting
everyone, no, but about not
losing the meaning of words,
okay, much less misogyny, which is
used a lot now and
the meaning of that word has also been lost,
misogyny, it speaks of hatred of women,
hatred of women, that is, directly a
crime, the choca is used to
harshly attack Irene Montero
and her entire ministry of equality And we
must remind you that the choca had it
in for him and he's happy it's time for
Irene Montero to be fired because she
literally hasn't done her job well
and this comment was made to me only
because I made it to a woman. Yes, I
don't want to make that comment, a woman,
the tweet instead of a thousand quotes would have
100. That's the difference. This is what
Irene Montero and her and her and her entourage have generated,
mentally unbalanced people, that's why they have
thrown her out, they have thrown her out
because she is crazy and what she
has generated is a
gigantic division between men and women
that we work so hard and try to
treat each other equally in
Spanish society that's the problem The crash had it in for him
because of that whole thing about the
video they released when the
trick and all that. But honestly Irene
Montero has shown at least as a
minister that she has not been the smartest in
the class not only because of her
ridiculous arguments for her stupid speeches the
waste was money on the nonsense
that she has spent money on remember the issue
of that painting in which they stole
images of girls on the beach that they
removed one of their prosthetic legs
but they put hair under their armpits
then the drawings were stolen they spent
like euros on that project 100,000 bucks
with the taxes that they are
taking from us that it is a legal theft We have already been
talking about it in the
previous video as well that if you skirt the
traffic lights that if they now remove signs
then they put back colored zebra crossings
with the LGBT flag that does not
contribute anything against those
symbols but that it is a waste of
money and that this  aunt has not done anything
good there with the issue of this law
of Yes or Yes has released a
bunch of rapists to more than 1,100
repeat rapists who have been
in jail several times for this type
of crimes and they have released them because their
sentence has been reduced and they have returned to
rape in the street they are a [ __ ] Danger
in the government I completely
agree with what
chocas is saying here the father of nordeltus has
gotten a new interview in
which he has not held back in talking
about his son On the one hand he says that it
seems good to him that his son has been
giving some interviews Where he has been
speaking badly about him it should be
remembered that one of those interviews was
given here on my channel you can see it in my
secondary channel in its entirety Javier canijo and he
affirms that to this day although his son is out
there doing his things he
continues to support him and we continue to
live Very well thanks to his father
financially he can support himself or does
he support himself No he is now
living in Israel and he is doing an
annual plan that is sponsored by the
Israeli government for Jewish children or
rather  he doesn't depend on you financially
yes yes yes yes I paid I paid for the
program which is an annual program and in
another order of things he has also wanted to
deny that he doesn't think it's wrong that his
son has let out that he needed that
as therapy and so on But I don't
understand I mean it depends on you
financially But on the other hand on
tiktok he came back talking he cleaned himself up
speaking badly of you yes Well but that
seems fine to me because he he needed to give
his point of view and that's fine because it is his point of view and
since he believes that
things yes but beyond his point of
view that I rule out tomorrow he can
interview him whatever I am not on his
side Ah It would be good but things
although he wanted to explain it as
he has lived them or from his perspective
are not as good as tukis or
tell us Elas apart from bragging that
today he is much more famous than his
son and so on he has given a
completely different version of those
sexual encounters he had at his house
while he sent his son to another
part of the building when nordeltus
talks about me recording porn or I  he
slept with a girl he was
with me people think that in order he
was 11 or 12 years old no And that happens
when Nordels I had to make a
spreadsheet with Excel that we made together
and with a formula so that it says the
number of years with months because it is not the
same to be 16 and 11 months old than to have
just turned 16 no So Medelto's
birthday is on March 12th when I recorded my
first video with adult content it was on a
Friday during class time if it is
true that I in my private life being
an adult and single person I later did
start sleeping with girls that I
met on the podcast Yes I had to
tell him look you're watching with me you don't
want to go back to your mom and well dad
has to sleep with a girl
So I asked him to go down to the
multipurpose room it's called here in
Argentina what event room does it
have how do you feel about that no well I don't
have any I would do it again we move on
to the controversy that Creeph had with
Ibai And it's that suddenly or
literally for free and
look that  you know that I'm not
Greg's biggest defender and he goes and was looking at
memes and he had the great
idea of playing a joke on grefg that
obviously this is not a joke that
is completely made up and that he pulled it out
of nowhere this is a joke
that is based on whispers and things
that are said behind the cameras I have already
explained to you on several occasions that
this group that meets at events
the elite that is called not among themselves
because they cannot see each other and they have a series
of quite powerful problems this
is simply criticism and some of
them simply do not like each
other, I have already told this many
times that a lot of it has even come to me
to give me information about
others In order for them to release my videos they have
told me a lot of things they get
green and then I see them playing and I
see them hugging each other at events
doing collaborations giving one
job to another at their event anyway some
moves that [ __ ] you pure and
hard falsehood I am not going to repeat it all again
because it has already been explained many times
and it is not only I who have explained it  people
like Elisa way Christie Nini Although
kinini does the same thing as them, a lot
of people have told you the same thing because it
is a reality in fact another thing that I have
also said many times between
some of them there have been things that
are so that they do not look at each other in the face eh
serious things serious that they are let's go and you
see them collaborating with each other
playing in the Minecraft house anyway
a nonsense without beginning falsehoods
the thing write and well he has released this
teacher when I am older How do I pay
taxes
to Andorra And you spend 50 days there and 230 in
Spain How does grip and when the
Treasury comes to investigate you put the brown
on your representative this that you just
heard about being free because it is
not like Greg was
provoking him or anything like that it does not come out
of nowhere a few months ago I
imagine it was the end of the year or at the
beginning of this year there was a kid
who made a tweet that went viral it
was a tweet where The kid
who had nothing else to do already
that kid would also be a pain, didn't he upload
an Excel like a grid, a
calendar in which he was marking the
days that grefg was in Andorra and the
days he was in Spain, I am
completely in favor of people
going to other countries to pay taxes because
here in Spain it is legal theft, I mean,
what is done here in Spain does not make any
[ __ ] sense no matter how you look at it, there
is no need, they steal from us legally, there
is no logical and sensible reason why
you have to pay more than
half of what you earn to the state,
no way and I am completely in
favor of them leaving to save
money because instead of paying more than
half you are going to pay maybe 10% but of
course if you are going to pay taxes comply with
the Andorran rules, don't go paying taxes in
Andorra and then you are here in Spain The
thing is that one of the requirements is
that you cannot be in Spain for more than 180
days, so this guy who had made
this tweet with this calendar would have been
counting Today keeping an eye on
Greg is very simple, I mean, the streamers
what we have maybe the youtubers
who record two or three videos a week
and you don't know exactly where they are if the
recorded video I don't know what but the
streamers what we have is that it is known
where we are every day at least not
in the case of grefg it is known when he is
in Andorra in his Setup it is known when he
is in Spain doing whatever and he would have gone
over the days that he can
be in Spain basically he is
in Spain what ibai is saying
also that the representative that he
blames the representative this will
surely be because off camera
at some event somewhere they have
coincided or by word of mouth it will have
spread that Greg will have said it to
someone who will have blamed the
representative that someone will have brought
up the subject in some conversation and
surely Grace has said the [ __ ] of
my representative that I do not control days and I
missed some move like that for sure
but ibai takes it in a very Cerda way and
takes it and says it in public with all the
people he has to which grefg does not
shorten a hair this clip I am going to put you well you
tell me what  you think but come on
I don't notice it in a joking tone
absolutely not at all and I answered
there the following is very funny ibai
not with the little fiscal jokes when
I am literally the youtuber who
spends the most time in Andorra and you can
check it where the live shows are You
would have to see and go and now we pay
taxes on their income and pays them by
company per person because nowadays we do
not stop making jokes about Andorra and
jokes such when literally I think
I am the person who spends the most time
here who goes out on a [ __ ] bike who goes to the
gym how about And he makes the joke very easily
eh I'm going to start making
jokes on the Kings
League programs to see How each one pays taxes no
because it seems that the only problem
you can have with taxes is going to
Andorra when you are paying the
taxes of that country We would have to see
how each one pays taxes to see if they pay taxes
as people and as a
company and in fact it is easier to
investigate a person who is in
Spain than someone in Andorra we would have to
review a little How each one pays taxes I
say this because as  so in a
live as it was going to go to jokes
Fiscals well we're going to have to start
making jokes Fiscals no guys
as I was saying the tone that Greg has
answering this has not been even
remotely a joke first of all
realize that he says that he is one of the
youtubers that spends the most time in
Andorra with this what he is throwing is that
surely many of the youtubers that
he knows spend in Spain as much
time as they want and they still haven't
caught that on the one hand and then
the issue of the devibai companies that
ibai invoices through companies is
something that doesn't surprise me in
fact I consider that in the case of
ibai in particular in other cases No but
in the case of ibai in particular I think that it
meets the requirements that must be
met to invoice through an SL
and I think that there is no problem and
that It is logical you have to take into account
that iba and well does a lot of
programs that are like that to
television events and a lot of
things no then well has a lot of
people hired that  They are cameramen directors
scriptwriters people at home
working he has a lot of people
hired in his company therefore I
believe that it fully meets the
requirements to pay taxes through an
sl the problem that eBay has is that
the fish dies by its mouth I am going to give my
opinion on all this controversy that has been
generated with the youtubers what they
earn etcetera etcetera first of all I am
going to start by saying that the
tax thing seems like [ __ ] to me it
is normal that people who earn a lot of
money or rich people have
a lot of money taken away and maybe more they
should take it away and less should be
taken from those who earn 2,000 1,500 or
less my whole family is in that
situation except for my grandfather who is the one who
brought the real money to my
house but my aunt is a shop assistant my mother
takes care of the elderly and cleans houses and leaves
those people should take less taxes I
live like a king I don't care if they
take half of it because I still live
extra and if I don't Andorra it's because it didn't work
out for me  of the balls and because what
I'm saying is true because if
what you said was a lie it would already be in
Andorra in the first place it makes no
sense. This video that you just saw was
used by the PSOE and Podemos, the
communist and socialist parties in my
country, to campaign,
taking advantage of the influence they
have, as if to say, go ahead, support what
we support, eBay didn't say anything, eh, I
let them use the video and that's it,
you can't applaud that it's
normal and say that it seems normal to you that they
take half of what you earn, it
seems great to me, it seems [ __ ]
great since the other half is enough for me to
live well, it seems [ __ ] great to me that they
take half from me and they keep it and
spend it however they
want and that's nonsense and with a
lifetime payment it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense. You're
applauding that they steal from you, be very careful,
don't get me wrong, I
completely agree that
taxes should be paid. The thing is that in my
country there's no need to pay the taxes
that we pay, okay, they do it to
waste money and to
those at the top live in luxury and it makes no sense
in any head that they take away more
than 50% of what you earn,
in addition to eBay with super
populist comments of the same kind and more that they
shouldn't take away from those who have money,
more than they should take away the [ __ ]
mentality of envy so that
people applaud it because now we
find out that he has an SL the
difference between invoicing with an SL and
invoicing as a freelancer in case you don't know
is that when you invoice as a freelancer Well,
because he earns a lot of money they take
more than half of it that's why many people go to
Andorra because it makes no sense in Andorra they
take 10% do the math if you
are earning 100, 200,000 euros a month
in Spain you are paying half in taxes
and there well you are paying maybe
10% do the math
we are talking about tens or hundreds of thousands
of euros more in your bank account
When you can work wherever you want
and when you invoice through
companies in Spain it is 25%, which Hey
a  25% is fine, I don't think anyone would
complain about paying 25% in taxes. The thing is
that if self-employed people
paid at most 25 or 30%,
no one would leave. The thing is that not
everyone meets the requirements to
pay taxes through an SL, for
example, although I have people hired,
collaborators who invoice, the Editors
and others who invoice as well and everything is
invoiced, registered and in good condition, I don't
consider that I meet the
requirements at the moment to pay taxes
through an SL. If at some point I
continue growing, I set up a company, I have
a set, I have cameras, I have scriptwriters, I
have, I know, a team, then
I would think about it and we would see. There are some
youtubers who have been very smart,
Like El Rubius for example, and they tried to
play the trick of invoicing
through an SL and the Treasury. The Triunt
condemned him to pay a fortune that
he then began selling as if the Treasury was
chasing him, I don't know what, no, those who are
chasing you are that you  they caught doing
the trick as a result of this some
Twitter users would have been
looking because it is public domain information
the companies that are
registered and the names that are
registered It turns out that they would have
caught several sl companies registered in the
names of several youtubers specifically
companies that ibai and I would have Juan and
some more all this would cause
a Twitter account to join a
bit to all this and would quote Pablo's tweet
and would start looking for streamers and
youtubers who had companies and would
place these many Well here you
can see and wow no doodle has
porcinos ftbol sl Joaqun Domnguez
portela would have the management
entertainment and Juan Alberto Garca
games would have and I Paz
asset management and ogs Brand and Well up to
here so much but the controversy would
come when this same person would
put that I also tell you I hope it is not what it
seems Because I like Juan
and I would put this image in which it would be
understood that I Juan well have
real estate because all
this problem comes Well because there is
a problem here  in Spain and in several
regions in particular with the issue of
rent and prices since there would be a
lot of people who would have a lot of
properties and they would put them at very
high prices knowing that there are very few
rentals or they would rent them directly
because it would be good that they are much more
profitable and that well for people who
come from abroad Well, it does not usually
involve a great expense to pay,
well, I don't know, 100 or 200 euros a night
in a normal apartment. I don't
really know if one of Yo Juan's SL
deals with real estate issues or
speculating with them, I have no idea, that
is not the same as having money in
motion as invested in
real estate speculation But what do you have to
say without knowing me? Nothing to me or anything,
nothing from my environment to say. I mean, you
realize the [ __ ] you
are capable of saying, why the hell are you
capable of saying that at first without
knowing anything because they don't have a [ __ ]
clue about anything and automatically
people talk about real estate speculation, do
you realize that you really have no idea? I
mean, no, I don't have it sometimes, not even
I'm going to have it your brother but the
truth is that the market is what
the business is about and I don't see anything wrong with it it
would be to start debating again about
the culture of envy and all this nonsense
if you invest in some properties
to rent out apartments there are many
people who buy for example an
entire building and rent out all the apartments you
are within your rights they are your properties
you put them up for rent and if people
want to rent well the business
works and that's what it is But whatever I
said okay I'm not going to start debating
about the mentality of envy or
anything like that and Juan has
commented on this it turns out that
people may have started looking for
information that is completely public
information that I have talked about a
billion times here and people
believe that all the people who are
here who earn A lot of money I don't know
have their money idle well there is someone
I know one specifically that I'm not
going to say name but I have explained a
billion times that everything I
earn I invest absolutely everything or
practically all that money that
comes in money that is invested money that goes out
but the  people understand that well I
know I discover things now and they are
amazed But well that people who
continue investigating that like me I also
have nothing that
people look at the other way
just a little while ago while I was
recording this video and you are going from the
live of another streamer has answered
Greg affirming that Greg has started to
give it to him you know that he has thrown me there no
taxes he says Well well We would have to
see how those who stay in Spain pay taxes
through their prey of a
tribute through any company Dad
I give it to the Spanish people for the
hotel directly
you can flex on that not in the plan of I
have stayed no no and then from what they have
told me it is not that much is released
eh it is not like I think it is about
sharing the dinner of well we pay
between all the rumor has come that each
one pays before or how we divide between
all the kids as you have seen in
previous captures Well I think here it
goes and he is lying there are people who would have
published captures with sl that are in the
name of ibai also it is not how it
is  thrown away for no reason and that's it, it's
thrown away, it's not answered we've been
talking in several previous videos about
how Luisardo snitched that someone
who worked for the Dead had
told him that the Dead had told him that
both Ari Gameplays and Juan Guarnizo
have been unfaithful in their relationship on
some occasion well this has
been an open secret for a while
among many streamers it has been talked about
for many years for a long time
some things not all I imagine that
some were true others will be
exaggerations I don't know if everything will be true
or not but the thing is that talking is
talking suddenly Luis Sardo appeared
When this went viral and
some gossip channels commented on it Luis Sardo
appeared picking up cable and
retracting what he had said, that is, he
retracted it he said no, that it was like a
lie that they hadn't told him but they had
told him that he believed that it was
going to a very few people because he
had few viewers but that he has
given himself to everyone and now apart
from the fact that he picked up cable
the ded has appeared saying that it is a complete
lie  example some [ __ ] came from I don't
know where who says that I told I do
n't know who about one of my workers that I don't
know what [ __ ] I'll tell them later
privately okay
I don't tell them and you don't know
things But what the [ __ ] am I going to go around
telling one of my workers things, I mean let's
see it's not happening what do you think I really
think that yes it is obviously
[ __ ] like the one he said that you
start telling that to all your
workers but from somewhere what you
're telling comes out I mean from somewhere it comes
out that Luis ardo Suddenly he says that and
What a coincidence that it coincides with some
other things people would talk about but well I
also tell you that the truth is that many
times the broken telephone from what they have
told you about what you say
the version varies as word of
mouth passes and in the end this Luisado so he
is a big mouth family What do you think
and well here we leave
today's video I hope you
liked it and that it was to your
liking because I imagine that if you have
reached this point of the video it will be like that
Congratulations  that he has won the
video game, okay, here on the screen it
says How to redeem it, remind you that
in this channel if you want to collaborate, Well, you
can also become Members just like
in the other one, which by the way is in
Avilcanism. We have reached more than
3,000 members today, let's see how long we last
because maybe people don't
renew later, you can't become members, in the
join button you can give super thanks
that they are called, they are like the Super
chats in the live shows, but here in the
videos I will probably be seeing you tomorrow
unless you give me a
break to rest, but anyway,
normally we are quite active on this
channel and for all of you I send you a
huge hug, I love you very much and Bye
[Music]